Q1) List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs
answer:
Node js :
Node doesn’t have a predefined “window” object cause it doesn’t have a window to draw anything.
“location” object is related to a particular url; that means it is for page specific. So, node doesn’t require that.
Ofcourse Node doesn’t have “document” object also, cause it never have to render anything in a page.
Node has “global”, which is a predefined global object. It contains several functions that are not available in browsers, cause they are needed for server side works only.
“require” object is predefined in Node which is used to include modules in the app.
In Node everything is a module. You must keep your code inside a module.
Browser js(Console) :
“window” is a predefined global object which has functions and attributes, that have to deal with window that has been drawn.
“location” is another predefined object in browsers, that has all the information about the url we have loaded.
“document”, which is also another predefined global variable in browsers, has the html which is rendered.
Browsers may have an object named “global”, but it will be the exact one as “window”.
Browsers don’t have “require” predefined. You may include it in your app for asynchronous file loading.
Moduling is not mandatory in client side JavaScript, i.e. in browsers.

Q2) watch & summary 5 points - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmE4OwHztCc&ab_channel=JSConf
answer:
1) A browser is made of these below components:
a)Bindings
b)Rendering: Parsing, layout, painting etc. where html gets into this part.
c) Platform : this is depended on the windows or OS i.e., operating system
d)Javascript

2) High Level flow: there are three processes at begining a) parse HTML and b) parse CSS then combinedly send to render or frame tree depending on the browser after that LAYOUT is done and then 
PAINTING operation of drawing. c)JS.

3) Parsing of HTML:a)if any mistake is done or error occurs, HTML willtry to recover. b) we can do speculative parsing. Parse Tree is representation of HTML and html has DOM tree for html.  
c) halting hapens when we use tag like <script> , <link> and <style>

4) Parsing of CSS : css has its own document object model DOM + CSSOM.
5) layout is recursive process: has batch layout and immediate layout. paint setup where  a bitmap from each layer  and render layers which creates layer from render objects.

Q3)To read - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5641997/is-it-necessary-to-write-head-body-and-html-tags

Q4) Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
typeof(1)
typeof(1.1)
typeof('1.1')
typeof(true)
typeof(null)
typeof(undefined)
typeof([])
typeof({})
typeof(NaN)
answer:
typeof(1):- it's number
typeof(1.1):- it's number
typeof('1.1'):- it's string
typeof(true):- it's boolean
typeof(null):- it's an object
typeof(undefined):-it's undefined
typeof([]):- it's an object
typeof({}):- it's an object
typeof(NaN):- it's number

Q5) Read what is prototype.



